hello my name's oli I'm here to do a
quick review of the case-mate phantom
case for the Samsung Galaxy s3 just give
you a quick look around the case what's
special about this case is you've
actually got a built-in plastic front
which acts like a screen protector it's
quite quite thick but it does just give
a good feel and no issues with any any
movement of the screen got a little
opening there for access to the Menu
button and also an opening at the top
here which allows you to pretty much
hear phone calls and the LED mode
notifications shown through there at the
back we've got the cutout for the LED
flash the camera and also the the
loudspeaker and the the usual ports
around there we'll take a quick look at
those once the case is on the phone
that's what you do you start off by year
by prize in this front part out so this
is the front part as you can see there's
a rim magic at that that in focus for
you
it's not going very well but you'll sit
up at once that's on the phone and then
this is the protective back part it's
quite thick and sturdy all the way
around there so I'm gonna start by if we
just take that that locks over the at
the front of the phone as such as you
can see that pretty much protects all
the all the front of the phone it's
meant to stop any dust and heat damage
to the screen as I said you've got quite
quite a nice feel on the screen easily
as good as any any screen protectors
I've tried the next part is you just
lock this in so we start by pointing at
the top slide that up and push the
bottom in so that's it locked in place
the three and a half milk is protected
by this it's actually got a little
protruding piece so it locks in place so
that won't flop around there's a little
opening there which is for the noise
cancelling microphone the power buttons
protected it's got a decent feel to it
start to press quite hard but not as bad
as the the OtterBox Commuter at the
bottom you've got a hole there for the
microphone the USB charging ports the
same two got a little protruding piece
so that locks in place and also the the
volume up and down he's complete
completely protected again got a
reassuring feel don't up to press it
anywhere near as hard as the OtterBox
you can see there the the opening at the
top and the that part there lawns of
court noise through the Menu button on
the back you can see that lines up
nicely with the with the flash the
camera and the loudspeaker so all in all
a really nice case adds a lot of bulk to
the phone but as you can expect with a
year with a case that offers this much
protection I mean it is rock-solid
so definitely no worries if you were if
you drop it down a flight of stairs on
concrete your phone's going to be
protected just feel quite nice in the
hand even with with quite big hands
though you are working
the limit of having any chance of using
the phone with one hand definitely a
case worth worth considering if you're
after all in all protection I'd write it
above the OtterBox Commuter just really
for the the general feel of the case but
I still think the the Trident Aegis
cases is all and all better all-round if
you're interested in any Samsung Galaxy
s3 case reviews probably best to
subscribe to my channel I'll keep you
updated and thank you very much for
watching